[11:13 AM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: Download A Running Ad
On regular occasion, we have adverts uploaded to this page, all you need is to download such advert(s) to your phone and share to your other whatsapp contacts.
[11:21 AM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: Share The Adverts With Your Contacts
This includes  (1) broadcasting to a selected group of friends in your whatsapp phones, (2) posting to a whatsapp group which you belong, (3) placing on your whatsapp status. You can download up to 4 (max) ads and share.
[11:24 AM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: Send A Screenshot
Screenshots are expected from you, this is the only evidence needed by MAA to prove that the adverts were actually shared and received by your contacts. By sending the required screenshots as at when due, you have initiated a payment process.
[11:27 AM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: Get Paid Immediately
Once the necessary screenshots have been sent, approved and claim calculated, payment is made within 24 hours into your registered bank account. It is as simple as that.
[11:41 AM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: USER TESTIMONY

At first I thought this was another "get-rich-scam" but I was surprised at the simplicity and genuineness of this. No registration fee, no third party intervention, no referral, just me, my smart phone, at my own convenience, my choice of advert. Come to think of it, i actually rendered a service by sharing third party adverts to my friends; which MAA deem fit to be compensated for.

MAA is a easy and secure way of making money. You should share this amazing platforms with your friends.

- Pelumi Coker
[12:19 PM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: WHY MAA
MAA stands for Mobile Advertising Agents, an advertising firm currently building an advertising community to be made up of broadcasters, clients, audience and agent, with the aim and objective of promoting and advertising members businesses by broadcasting / posting / sharing using the most widely use and effective social media platform: Whatsapp.
The community already have over 200,000 members throughout the country and this is expanding geometrically on daily bases. The driving force for this expansion is the scheme introduced by MAA, where broadcasters and agents
are paid for sharing information on WHATSAPP.
Presently MAA is the only firm that pay you for such service, we believed data can be effectively use to promote ones business or others business (advertisement) and get paid than using the data for non profitable activities.
[12:23 PM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: Benefit Of MAA Every member of MAA community is entitle to a discounted advert rate on his or her business, besides that, a BROADCASTER -get paid for using its data to promote and advertise goods, products or services of other members of the community,
-belong to a business community of over 200,000 members scattered nationwide.
-access to an average of 6 paid ad per week.
an AGENT have a certain commission for facilitating client for MAA
an AUDIENCE	get update of goods, services and products within its locality at the most affordable price
a CLIENT	have its products, goods and services broadcasted and delivered to the public smart phones nationwide, making his/her business -GO VIRAL
[12:27 PM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: Why MAA Pay You As a smart phone user with active whatsapp account, no doubt you have friends (contacts) who are equally having active whatsapp account too, if MAA uploaded an advert and you download and share the ad to other whatsapp friends on your phone, you are surely advertising MAA clients business, in doing this you're using your expensive data to promote others businesses, MAA pays you for the data used, the payment is a function of numbers of your friends who see the ad and the ad rate. the clients already make payment to MAA for such advertising service.
[12:42 PM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: How Does MAA Gets Its Money For every advert services run by MAA for a client, we have a fix percentage as commission billed into the service charge, to be borne by the client.
We pay tax, bank commission and charges and we maintain staff and our systems. the service charge paid by client is a function of ad rates, bouquet, ad type, ad platform etc. eg if a client want a 5000 audience (ie bouquet) for an advert rate of 1.5, (banner), the client will pay (5000 x 1.5) + 25% of (5000 x 1.5). the 25% is for MAA while the (5000 x 1.5) is for broadcasters who distributed the adverts to their friends, each broadcasters get 1.5 x No of friends who received and see the advert.
[12:47 PM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: Basic Requirement To Join MAA A smart phone with a whatsapp account and screenshot function 
				(2)	A minimum of 50 contacts also with active whatsapp account 
				(3)	A business, service, products or skill you want people to know. (optional) 
				(4)	A bank account
[1:08 PM, 3/25/2020] Mr Sesi Actolog: Basic Terms In MAA A BROADCASTER: a certify member of the MAA community who share,  paid or non-paid ad to contacts (audience) on his/her phone and get paid for such services
AUDIENCE (Recipients): Active whatsapp account owners in a broadcaster’s phone contact, listed in the broadcast page
SCREENSHOT: Picture of the current image or information on the broadcaster’s phone screen.
NEW BROADCAST:A whatsapp menu feature to create a broadcast page.
BROADCASTING: the act of distributing information to many audiences at once.
ADVERT (AD): information about business with details of contacts and other relevant details.
ADVERT TYPE (AT): medium in which the advert is conveying, i.e., TEXT, link, slide, video, picture/banner/photo, voice, Gif etc
ADVERT RATE (AR): amount charge per advert type, this is a function of seconds in video, Gif and voice advert.
ADVERT CATEGORY (AC): ad can be classify as Fashion (F), Automobile (Au), Food and Drinks (Fd), Phones and Accessories (Pa), Others (O)
ADVERT GROUP (AG): ad can be classify as political, religious, public announcement, business or general
BOUQUET: numbers of audience requested by client in an advert service, minimum is 2000.
COST OF BROADCAST (COB): ad rate x bouquet.
SERVICE CHARGE (SC): certain percentage (%) of COB +  COB
CLIENT: individual, company or corporate firm requesting the service of MAA.
AGENT:  individual or organization sourcing for client for MAA, may also be a member of the community or not.
PAID Ad (PA): Advert submitted and paid for by client to be shared .
NON-PAID Add (NPA):  sample of Ad use for training purpose or MAA sponsored add for its member(s) for awareness or otherwise.
EVIDENCE OF BROADCAST (EOB); A screenshot proving the broadcaster broadcasted the given Ad. 
TIME, DATE OF BROADCAST (TDOB); typing the time and date in which the broadcast was made, this is type below the EOB above, time is 24 hours e.g. 18 Aug 2019, 16:27. Every member is expected to change their phone time setting to 24 hour.
EVIDENCE OF SEEN (EOS): a screenshot showing numbers of broadcaster’s audiences (recipients) who actually see the broadcasted ad.
EVIDENCE OF VIEW (EOV): a screenshot revealing the numbers of viewers on the broadcasters status on a given ad.
EVIDENCE OF CONTACTS (EOC): a screenshot showing the actual numbers of contact on a broadcasters phone, its phone contact.
CLAIM: payment entitlement after every paid ad is broadcasted. This is a function of numbers of the broadcaster’s audience who actually see the ad after two days of broadcast.
ADVERT PLATFORM (AP) MAA have three platforms to share an ad, by broadcasting,  posting in a group or by placing on broadcaster’s status.
Broadcasters have the option of participating in any of the platform. Each platform have different ad rate and modality of operations.
CLAIM VALUE (CV): Amount calculated by MAA account department or the broadcaster for the service of sharing, every broadcaster should know how claims are calculated, and should be sent forward for verification and reconciliation before claims are paid.